    USER MANUAL:

    Purpose:
    To improve financial stability among New Zealand tertiary students aged 
    18-25.

    First window that appears: This is the first page which will be displayed.
    At the top of the page you will see a navigation bar with three buttons to
    take you to the log in page or sign up page. Alternatively, you can click
    the exit button, and a warning message will appear informing you that any
    progress you have made will NOT be saved, then it will ask if you would 
    like to exit the program, click Yes or  No.

    Signing up:
    In the sign up page, you can create an account by entering your first name,
    last name, username, password, and confirmation of password. All of this
    information will be kept confidential and only accessed via your username
    and password when you are logged in. To sign up simply click the gold 
    button at the bottom of the page, and you will be informed of a successful 
    sign up or an error made somewhere. For example, if your passwords are not 
    matching, you will be informed and can try again, also the first name and 
    last name must contain letters only. If you accidentally clicked the sign 
    up button you can click the log in button in the top right corner of that 
    page to be redirected or you can exit the programme via the first page.
    When building on your profile, simply follow the birthdate format 
    (dd/mm/yyyy) and enter your birthdate.

    Logging in:
    To log in, username and password are necessary to gain access to any
    confidential information and use the program.

    Home page: Once successfully signed up or logged in, you will be redirected 
    to the home page, where you can see more buttons have been added to the
    navigational bar such as home, about, my budget, tips, help, and profile.
    This navigation bar can be found on any page you are on. An underlined 
    button indicates the page you are on. The exit button is consistently on 
    the top right corner. To get started click the large gold button on the 
    home page called Get started.

    About page: In this page you can find an introduction into budgeting and 
    get a brief overview of what this program has to offer, including the 
    process that this is done.

    My budget: Once you have completed your budget via getting started, your
    budget plan will be saved, and can be quickly accessed by this shortcut 
    button.
    Tips page: The tips page is currently unavailable (this component does not
    work in my program).

    Profile page and signing out: In this page, you can view all of your 
    personal information which you have provided including first name, 
    last name, username, birthdate, tertiary status, and knowledge of 
    budgeting. At the bottom of this page, there is a signout button. 
    IMPORTANT: Signout button only works on the home page and no other page, 
    sorry for the inconveinence.

    In this program, a calorie deficit or surplus will be calculated based off
    your budgeting. The meanings will be displayed when it is presented. Also
    the meanings are as follows:
    Income surplus: Incoming money exceeds the cost of expenses. This means you
    can assign more money towards debts and essential costs.
    Income deficit: The cost of expenses exceeds incoming money. This means
    non-essential costs should be reduced in order to avoid debt.

    Please enjoy the benefits this program has to offer!